AAD Exemption Instruction Updates (#473)
cisagov/ScubaGear: README.md

### Parameter Definitions

- **$ConfigFilePath** is an optional configuration file that the tool parses for input parameters when executing ScubaGear. The file can be in YAML or JSON format. A sample configuration file ("aad-config.yaml") is included in the "sample-config-files" sub-folder. The example file includes use of Pascal case convention for varible names. The syntax defines
  - A global namespace for values to be used across baselines/products (i.e., GlobalVars)
  - Per product namespace for values related to that specific product (i.e., Aad, SharePoint)

>   - Namespace for each policy item within a product for variables related only to one policy item (i.e., Aad.Policy2_1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Namespace for each policy item within a product for variables related only to one policy item (i.e., MS.AAD.2.1v1)
```

>   - Use of YAML anchors and aliases following DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself) principle for repeated values and sections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Use of YAML anchors and aliases following Don't Repeat Yourself (DRY) principle for repeated values and sections
```

>   When using the configuration file option all non-default parameters must be specified in the file as the tool ignores other command line options. The file path defaults to the same directory where the script is executed. The file can be used to specify both standard tool parameters as well as custom parameteres used by the Azure Active Directory (AAD) product assessment. See [AAD Conditional Access Policy Exemptions](#aad-conditional-access-policy-exemptions) for more details.

Reviewer: The tool does not ignore.  It does not allow.  

![image](https://github.com/cisagov/ScubaGear/assets/7025068/d6b4b12b-02c9-401e-925c-1b9131f2d1d7)

Using the PowerShell Get-Help we can see it has three ParameterSets.  

![image](https://github.com/cisagov/ScubaGear/assets/7025068/0b147148-9d63-47ae-9a2f-aa982f6bf81b)

Author: Should we mention the <Common Parameters> here? The other examples here didn't mention that parameter set.

>   When using the configuration file option all non-default parameters must be specified in the file as the tool ignores other command line options. The file path defaults to the same directory where the script is executed. The file can be used to specify both standard tool parameters as well as custom parameteres used by the Azure Active Directory (AAD) product assessment. See [AAD Conditional Access Policy Exemptions](#aad-conditional-access-policy-exemptions) for more details.

Reviewer: The file path must point to a valid configuration file. It can be either a relative or absolute path.

Author: changes made

>   When using the configuration file option all non-default parameters must be specified in the file as the tool ignores other command line options. The file path defaults to the same directory where the script is executed. The file can be used to specify both standard tool parameters as well as custom parameteres used by the Azure Active Directory (AAD) product assessment. See [AAD Conditional Access Policy Exemptions](#aad-conditional-access-policy-exemptions) for more details.

Reviewer: I think w should state "both standard tool parameters as well as custom parameteres." since it may also be used for other products than AAD.  Then follow with links to more specific for each product like you did for AAD.

Author: accepted change you made thanks!

> **Notes**: Only authentication via `CertificateThumbprint` is currently supported. We will also be supporting automated app registration in a later release.

### AAD Conditional Access Policy Exemptions

> The ScubaGear ConfigFilePath command line option allows users to define custom variables in YAML format for use in policy assessments against the AAD baseline.  These custom variables are used to exempt specific user and group exclusions from conditional access policy checks that normally would not pass if exclusions are present.  These parameters support operational use cases for having backup or break glass account exclusions to global user policies without failing best practices.  Any exemptions and their risks should be carefully considered and documented as part of an organization's cybersecurity risk management program process and practices.

Reviewer: Allows both jSOn and YAML.  But you stated that above.  Can probally just drop here.

Author: changes made

**YAML AAD Configuration File Syntax and Examples**

**Aad** refers to the AAD specific variables that enable users to specify user, group, and role exclusions that are documented exemptions to select conditional access policies in the AAD configuration policy baselines. Users, groups, and roles are specified by their respective Universally Unique Identifier (UUID) in the tenant. This variable set is only needed if the agency has documented exemptions for one or more of the conditional access policy baselines:
- MS.AAD.1.1: *Legacy authentication SHALL be blocked*
- MS.AAD.2.1: *Users detected as high risk SHALL be blocked*
- MS.AAD.2.3: *Sign-ins detected as high risk SHALL be blocked*
- MS.AAD.3.2: *Phishing-resistant MFA SHALL be enforced for all users*
- MS.AAD.3.3: *If phishing-resistant MFA has not been enforced yet, then an alternative MFA method SHALL be enforced for all users*
- MS.AAD.3.7: *Managed devices SHOULD be required for authentication*
- MS.AAD.3.8: *Managed Devices SHOULD be required to register MFA*

> - MS.AAD.7.4: *Permanent active role assignments SHALL NOT be allowed for highly privileged roles*

Author: Thanks for the great suggestions. I just incorporated them in the file.

> The example below illustrates the syntax for defining user, group, and role exemptions to select policies. It also makes use of a YAML anchor and alias to simplify formatting policies having the same documented exemptions. Items surrounded by chevrons are to be supplied by the user.

Reviewer: As a user, it is not clear to me when I can use a CapExclusion and/or a RoleExclusion.

Author: added some text that tries to clarify that..

On Windows Clients, the default execution policy is `Restricted`.  In this case, `Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned` should be invoked to permit ScubaGear to run.

> In ScubaGear version 0.2.1 and earlier, running `Unblock-File` on the ScubaGear folder may be required. See [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.utility/unblock-file?view=powershell-5.1) for more information.

Reviewer: Suspect this is no longer needed since ScubaGear is signed.  But not really part of your PR.

Author: deleted per suggestion
